# Specification Mining
This repository reflects the ongoing development of the specification mining algorithm we are working on. The necessity of specification in the verification of system design is well acknowledged by the concerned community. An efficiant and reliable set of specification is the first step of an efficiant and reliable digital design. The lack of good specification has caused many catastrophies throughout the history of science and technology. There has been many endavors to determine correct specifications for reactive systems but none of them obliterated the need for further work in this domain. Besides, the more research have been done in this field, we are getting more insights about them which are conducive to deduce a reliable set of specifications. Current advancement in ML algorithms has also got tremendous interest from specification mining researchers. Many researchers these days are working on the existing ML algorithms to make them good alternatives to determine efficiant and reliable set of specifications for reactive systems.  

## Specification Mining for SoC validation
Currently we are focused on developing a mining algorithm which will be even more generalized and provide specifications for any SoC validation based on the trace data set. We stick to the traditional approachs of sequential rule mining with enhanced scalability. Prevalent algorithms fails to reduce search space which grows exponentially as the length of the rule increases. Besides mining a large set of rules is often redundant and can not be helpful in many cases. So we are currently working on the pruning of search space and reducing the number of rules satisfactorily preserving the soundness of the rules with higher accuracy. 
